.TH "MKG3A" "1" "May 2012"

.SH NAME
mkg3a \- a program packer for Casio FX-CG calculators

.SH SYNOPSIS

\fBmkg3a\fR
[[\-n \fIlang\fR:\fIname\fR]...]
[[\-i (\fIuns\fR|\fIsel\fR):\fIfile\fR]...]
\fIinfile.bin\fR [\fIoutfile.g3a\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mkg3a
wraps an input file into a g3a file suitable for loading and running on a
Casio FX-CG calculator.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB\-n \fIlang\fB:\fIname\fR
Set the localized name of the resultant g3a to \fIname\fR.  See the
\fBLOCALIZATION\fR section for details on values of \fIlang\fR.

.TP
\fB\-i (\fIuns\fB|\fIsel\fB):\fIicon.png\fR
Embed \fIicon.png\fR as the icon to show when the add-in is shown but not
selected (\fIuns\fBelected), or when \fIsel\fRected on the calculator.
Acceptable image formats are \fBBMP\fR, or \fBPNG\fR if your \fBmkg3a\fR
was built with libpng support. Icons must be 92 by 64 pixels.

.TP
\fB\-V \fIver\fR
Set the version string of the output file to \fIver\fR. This may technically
be any string, but convention suggests it be of the form "01.00.0000", which
is also the default value if not specified.

.TP
\fB\-v\fR
Show version and license information then exit.

.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Show usage information then exit.

.SH LOCALIZATION
Every g3a file contains fields for a number of localized addin names.
\fBmkg3a\fR supports setting these individually, via the \fB-n\fR option,
with the following legal values for \fIlang\fR.
.TP
\fBen\fR
English
.TP
\fBes\fR
Spanish
.TP
\fBde\fR
German
.TP
\fBfr\fR
French
.TP
\fBpt\fR
Portugese
.TP
\fBzh\fR
Chinese
.TP
\fBbasic\fR
Default (unlocalized) name.
.TP
\fBinternal\fR
A field that appears to be used internally by the calculator. This should
not usually be set explicitly, and will default to a reasonable value.

.PP
When shown in calculator menus, the localized name will be displayed as
appropriate according to the user's language settings.
If \fIlang\fR is empty, it is assumed to be \fIbasic\fR
(see \fBEXAMPLE\fR for a demonstration). 

Any unspecified localized names will be automatically be filled from the
value of \fIbasic\fR.  If \fIbasic\fR is not specified, it defaults to
the name of the output file.

.SH EXAMPLE
The following invocation packs the file example.bin into example.g3a, with
basic name "James".  The localized name in French is "Jacques", and
the icons are read from files foo.png and bar.bmp.

mkg3a \-n :James \-n fr:Jacques \-i uns:foo.png \-i sel:bar.bmp example.bin

.SH SEE ALSO
gcc(1), ld(1)

FX-CG software development is documented extensively on WikiPrizm, at
\fIhttp://prizm.cemetech.net/\fR.  The homepage for \fBmkg3a\fR is
\fIhttp://www.taricorp.net/projects/mkg3a\rR.

.SH AUTHOR
\fBmkg3a\fR and this manual page were written by Peter Marheine
<peter@taricorp.net>.
